Hi <<insert name>>,

I found your contact information through the official breakdown of current government contractor obligations, specifically for the <<insert project>> project. I am aware that you have fully identitfied all project spending obligations, but we thought we would reach out anyways with a collaboration opportunity with our research group based out of Memorial University of Newfoundland (MUN). Our group, called DETechnologies (Detonation Engine Technologies/DET) is primarily interested in research and development work on Rotating Detonation Engines (RDEs).

RDEs are a novel rocket engine, which relies on the principle of Detonation (supersonic combustion) rather than traditional Deflagration (subsonic combustion). Harnessing the power of detonation results in a massive; 25% efficiency gain over any comparable engine on the market. Not only is this engine technology significantly more efficient, our fuel is 100% green energy; the only bi-product of engine operation is water (steam)! We are at a phase in our research where we are ready to build a fully functional prototype to be tested and validate our hard work!

We are looking to build partnerships to support our team in any & all of the following domains; monetary, technical support, testing and general networking. We would love to work with you and your team; any support that you can offer will be greatly appreciated! Functional prototype manufacturing and testing is expensive, our remaining budget for phase 1 of this project is approaching $150k which includes all manufacturing steps, and a full, safety-first test program.

If this is something you are interested in discussing further, please let me know; we are flexible and can work to accomodate any requests. If you'd like to keep tabs on our project, check out our website www.DETechnologies for progress updates as we start manufacturing.

Thank you for your time and consideration on behalf of the entire DETechnologies R&D Team at MUN. We hope to hear from you soon!

Detonation Engine Technologies (DET)
